# Guessing Game Written Response

The format for this document are taken directly from the AP Computer Science
Principles [Student Handout](../support/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf).

## 3a

Provide a written response that does all three of the following:

### 3a i.

Create an entertaining random generator that displays different loot combinations for the user to admire. 
**TODO: Complete this section**

### 3a ii.

My video demonstrates how my program can prompt the user to say how many combinations of loot they would like and the requested amount is then displayed
**TODO: Complete this section**

### 3a iii.


My program receives a numeric input ranging from 1 to 3 from the user and then outputs a list containing that many loot combinations
**TODO: Complete this section**

## 3b

Capture and paste two program code segments you developed during the
administration of this task that contain a list (or other collection type) being
used to manage complexity in your program.

### 3b i.

The first program code segment must show how data have been stored in the list.

### 3b ii.

The second program code segment must show the data in the same list being used,
such as creating new data from the existing data or accessing multiple elements
in the list, as part of fulfilling the program's purpose.




### 3b iii.



### 3b iv.

Describes what the data contained in the list represents in your program

The list represents all of the possible weapon combinations that are possible to be generated

### 3b v.

Explains how the selected list manages complexity in your program code by
explaining why your program code could not be written, or how it would be
written differently, if you did not use the list.

**TODO: Explain why it would be very difficult (or impossible) to write 
the program without using the list.**

Without a list, it would be difficult but not impossible for there to be a selection of weapons since there would be no random index. If I wanted to add more possibilities it would make the process very redundant and not efficient. In order to manage complexity, this list allows the program to efficiently generate a random weapon without the need of numerous if / else if statements for each possible random number that could be generated. 

## 3c.

Capture and paste two program code segments you developed during the
administration of this task that contain a student-developed procedure that
implements an algorithm used in your program and a call to that procedure.

### 3c i.

The first program code segment must be a student-developed procedure that:

- [ ] Defines the procedure's name and return type (if necessary)
- [ ] Contains and uses one or more parameters that have an effect on the functionality of the procedure
- [ ] Implements an algorithm that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration


          
### 3c ii.

The second program code segment must show where your student-developed procedure is being called in your program.



### 3c iii.

Describes in general what the identified procedure does and how it contributes to the overall functionality of the program.

Given a valid number of loot combinations to generate, displays a list of loot to generate. This is the main function of the program. 
### 3c iv.

Explains in detailed steps how the algorithm implemented in the identified procedure works. Your explanation must be detailed enough for someone else to recreate it.
1.) Prompts the user if they would like some epic loot
2.) Loads a list of the different types of loot
3.) Loads the list of the different elements of the loot
4.) Loads the list of the different themes of the loot
5.) Randomly selects a type, element, and theme
6.) Write the random selection of the three combinations to the console
7.) If more loot needs to be generated by the user saying yes to more loot, go back to step 2
8.) Otherwise, the program exits

## 3d

Provide a written response that does all three of the following:

### 3d i.

Describes two calls to the procedure identified in written response 3c. Each call must pass a different argument(s) that causes a different segment of code in the algorithm to execute.

First call: 
GetValidInt(null)

**TODO: Complete this section**

Second call:
GetValidInt("Enter a number")

**TODO: Complete this section**

### 3d ii.

Describes what condition(s) is being tested by each call to the procedure

Condition(s) tested by the first call:

I am testing if the user has inputted is null. This will cause the body of the if statement to execute.
 
**TODO: Complete this section**

Condition(s) tested by the second call:

I am testing is the prompt the user has inputted is not null. This will skip the the body of the if statement. 

**TODO: Complete this section**

### 3d iii.

Result of the first call:

The result of calling with a string that is null is an exception being thrown.

**TODO: Complete this section**

Result of the second call:
The result of calling with a number that is at least 1 is to display that many combinations of loot. 

**TODO: Complete this section**